Scene one. The animation starts with
a vibrant cityscape representing the dynamic world
of web development. A narrator introduces
the concept of Jamstack, emphasizing its
benefits and how
it revolutionizes web development.
Scene two The scene transitions to a
decluttered office filled with developers working on
traditional web projects. The narrator
explains the challenges of traditional web
development, such as slow loading
times, security vulnerabilities and difficulties with
scalability.
Scene three A light bulb appears
above a developer's head signifying an idea.
The developer discovers Jamstack
and starts researching its advantages.
Scene four The animation
depicts a split screen.
On the left side, we see traditional
web development represented by a maze like
structure.
On the right side, Jamstack is
illustrated as a streamlined and efficient process.